# Results

Here we store the final combined and reduced network results for the `UACC257` and `A2058` cell-lines. Besides the networks, we also have stored here the assigned node attributes and cytoscape files for the networks.

## Reading network in cytoscape

Reading the final network solutions in cytoscape is easy and straightforward:

+ First load the desired `sif_*.txt*` network file from *Import Network From File*.
+ Then load the corresponding `attrib_*.txt` nodes attribute file from *Import Table From File*.
+ The user can also load the dedicated PHONEMeS `/Polish-Network/PHONEMeS_vizmap.props` cytoscape style by looking for *File -> Import -> Styles...*.
+ The time-point edge attributes are assigned by setting the attributes through *Edge -> Stroke Color -> Column: Entry -> Mapping Type: Discrete*. For each time-point the user can define a desired color code.
+ The weight attributes are assigned by setting the attributes through *Edge -> Width -> Column: weight -> Mapping Type: Continuous*. It will then be up to the user how they like to scale the weights to the edge thickness in the Cytoscape. We have used a scaling between 0 and 500.
+ Networks in Cytoscape format are then saved locally.

## Generating and storing the Cytoscape files

The cytoscape files are generated by following the steps described above. In this directory we have stored the combined and reduced (shown in the paper) network solutions for each cell-line as `UACC257.cys` and `A2058.cys` cytoscape files.
